

## First Example
```python
lambda x: x
```
In the example above, the expression is composed of:
* The keyword: `lambda`
* A bound variable: `x`. 
    * A **bound variable** is an argument to a lambda function.
    * In contrast, a **free variable** is not bound and may be referenced in the body of the expression.
    A free variable can be a constant or a variable defined in the enclosing scope of the function.
* A body: `x`

You can apply the function above to an argument by surrounding the function and its argument with parentheses:
```python
>>> (lambda x: x + 1)(2)
3
```

> Reduction is a lambda calculus strategy to compute the value of the expression.
> 约简是一种lambda演算策略，用于计算表达式的值。
> 比如上例子：
```text
(lambda x: x + 1)(2) = lambda 2: 2 + 1
                     = 2 + 1
                     = 3
```

> Because a lambda function is an expression, it can be named.
```python
>>> add_one = lambda x: x + 1
>>> add_one(2)
3
```

> Multi-argument function (functions that take more than one argument) are expressed  in Python lambdas
> by listing arguments and separating them with a comma (,) but without surrounding them with parentheses.


## Anonymous Functions, lambda function
> Taken literally, an anonymous function is a function without a name. 
> 1. In Python, an anonymous function is created with the `lambda` keyword. 
> More loosely, it may or not be assigned a name.
> 2. Another pattern is to immediately execute a Python lambda function.
> 3. A lambda function can be a higher-order function by taking a function (normal or lambda) as an
> argument.

```python
>>> high_ord_func = lambda x, func: x + func(x)
>>> high_ord_func(2, lambda x: x * x)
6
>>> high_ord_func(2, lambda x: x + 3)
7
```

## Python Lambda and Regular Functions
### Functions
* The `dis` module exposes functions to analyze Python bytecode generated by the Python compiler.
* The function name is the defined function name for a function defined with `def`, whereas the Python
lambda function is seen as `lambda`.

### Trackback

### Syntax
A lambda form presents syntactic distinctions from a normal function. 
In particular, a lambda function has the following characteristics:
* It can only contain expressions and can’t include statements in its body.
* It is written as a single line of execution.
* It does not support type annotations.
* It can be immediately invoked (IIFE).

#### No Statements
```python
>>> (lambda x: assert x == 2)(2)
  File "<input>", line 1
    (lambda x: assert x == 2)(2)
                    ^
SyntaxError: invalid syntax
```

#### Single Expression
```python
>>> (lambda x:
... (x % 2 and 'odd' or 'even'))(3)
'odd'
```

#### Type Annotations
```python
def full_name(first: str, last: str) -> str:
    return f'{first.title()} {last.title()}'
```

#### IIFE


### Arguments
Python lambda expressoins support all the different ways of passing arguments. This includes:
* Positional arguments
* Named arguments (sometimes called keyword arguments)
* Variable list of arguments (often referred to as varargs)
* Variable list of keyword arguments
* Keyword-only arguments
```python
>>> (lambda x, y, z: x + y + z)(1, 2, 3)
6
>>> (lambda x, y, z=3: x + y + z)(1, 2)
6
>>> (lambda x, y, z=3: x + y + z)(1, y=2)
6
>>> (lambda *args: sum(args))(1,2,3)
6
>>> (lambda **kwargs: sum(kwargs.values()))(one=1, two=2, three=3)
6
>>> (lambda x, *, y=0, z=0: x + y + z)(1, y=2, z=3)
```

### Decorators
In Python, a `decorator` is the implementation of a pattern that allows adding a behavior to a function
or a class. It is usually expressed with the `@decorator` syntax prefixing a function. 


## Appropriate Uses of Lambda Expressions
### Classic Functional Constructs
* Lambda functions are regularly used with the built-in functions `map()` and `filter()`, as well as 
`functools.reduce()`, exposed in the module functools.

### Key Functions
* Key functions in Python are higher-order functions that take a parameter key as a named argument. 
key receives a function that can be a `lambda`.
    * `sort()`
    * `sorted()`, `min()`, `max()`
    * `nlargest()` and `nsmallest()`

## Alternatives to Lambdas
### Map

### Filter

### Reduce


## Note:
* In the interactive interpreter, the single underscore(`_`) is bound to the last expression evaluated.

## References
* [How to Use Python Lambda Functions](https://realpython.com/python-lambda/)
* [The Meaning of Underscores in Python](https://dbader.org/blog/meaning-of-underscores-in-python)
* [Python Type Checking (Guide)](https://realpython.com/python-type-checking/#hello-types)
